hey there guys i'm john from fast films
and today we'll take a look at the 2013
american slasher movie called hatchet 3.
the movie begins from the honey island
swamp where mary beth manages to kill
victor crowley with a shotgun and bashes
his head into a pulpy mess
but just as she walks away the monster
wakes up again
in the meantime mary beth staggers
through the forest and comes across the
other people chopped into pieces
she grabs the leftover guns but all of
them are empty she then comes across a
chainsaw and tries to start it but
victor appears out of nowhere and lifts
her up in the air in her attempt to
fight back she thrusts her whole arm
into his bludgeoned face that makes him
fall down
suddenly the chainsaw starts up and
slowly the blades sink into his body and
slashes the hole into two
mary beth is splattered with victor's
blood as the chainsaw rises from his
carcass
the following scenes show us mary beth
walking away with victor's scalp until
she arrives on the bank of the lake the
movie now spans to the police station
where officer winslow is taking care of
the drunkards while the sheriff arrives
and greets him
as he advances to sit in his office a
sudden scream is heard stating she's got
a gun
all the personnel dash towards the
entrance where mary beth stands holding
the gun and victor's scout
she utters i killed him and with that
she's pinned to the ground
sheriff starts inquiring about her in
extreme anger and she states that
they're all dead on the honey island
swamp winslow immediately dispatches
forces while mary beth is taken to the
cleaning area where she gets a shower
all the blood washes off her body as the
female officers inform the sheriff that
none of the blood is hers
later as mary beth sits in her cell
sheriff fowler interrogates her and she
states that there are 20 to 30 bodies in
the swamp moreover the fact that victor
crowley murdered her family fowler gets
irritated and lashes out on her for
spitting some urban legend and doesn't
believe her but suddenly gets a dispatch
from his associate hamilton that there
are mutilated bodies at the swamp
the scene then shows us bashed heads and
skinned bodies upon which the policemen
throw up hamilton asks for full recovery
teams and fowler answers with
affirmation
as he's about to leave a woman named
amanda stands in the hallway
fowler gets agitated but she insists
that she wants to work on the case
because it has hints of victor crowley
and how her research will finally be
complete
but fowler doesn't listen to his ex-wife
despite her pleas as he dashes outside
amanda grabs hold of winslow and
convinces him to let her meet the girl
in custody
back on the swamp paramedics arrive and
hamilton informs them about the
situation
the head of paramedics jim buffy takes a
guy named andrew with him while leaving
the rest for bodybagging
as they're about to leave their eyes
catch the horrifying sight of a severed
head being brought to the boat
nevertheless they continue in the
meantime amanda arrives at mary beth
cell and introduces herself as a
journalist amanda tries to inquire about
her but mary beth pushes her away
abusively
despite her requests mary beth tells her
to go to hell which makes amanda angry
and she threatens mary beth about how
she'll spend the rest of her life in
jail if they both don't help each other
with that being said mary beth
reconsiders her options on the other
hand it starts raining on the swamp and
a massive bodybag gets carried to the
boat andrew hauls it up and places a gas
belt sander on the side
as the other guy randy inquires andrew
describes him the condition which
depicts victor crowley randy gets
excited and they both drag the gigantic
body inside and place it on the table
back at the police station amanda
scribbles the notes as mary beth
explains how she killed victor crowley
once and for all but amanda states that
a priestess told her that victor's a
repeater and he'll return every night
and you cannot kill him because he's
already dead
mary beth insists but amanda also stays
adamant that he's not dead the scene now
shifts to swamp where hamilton informs
the massacre situation to randy and as
he couldn't bear the smell of dead
bodies he leaves
inside the boat randy prepares for the
autopsy when suddenly the body bag
starts to rise
within less than a minute randy gets
electrocuted by the monstrous man and he
bashes the boy's head into a pulp
outside hamilton notices the splattered
blood on the window and pulls his gun
with a bang victor appears on the boat
and dashes towards hamilton
victor gets fired upon but revives again
hamilton falls on the ground and crawls
backwards in utter horror meanwhile his
screams and frightened voice rings
through the microphone and everyone
hears it including winslow amanda and
mary beth at the station
amanda hears the screams of terror and
states that mary beth must give victor
what he wants which is his father
furthermore she explains that only mary
beth can end it as she is the only
living relative of samson dunstan the
man who caused all of it with that she
urges winslow to let her go free as
everyone else is out there dying winslow
gets worried as his microphone screech
with dying noises of his fellows
meanwhile sheriff arrives at the swamp
and starts to direct the officers but
just then swat also arrives and the
leader named haas takes over
on the other hand an officer brings out
an rpg while a girl from swat introduces
herself as michaela the guy named
schneiderman tries to tell her about
victor crowley as she was new here but
they get ushered ahead in the meantime
winslow drives the ladies while
blabbering about how wrong he's doing
ignoring his complaints amanda urges
them to go to ozona right away to get to
thomas crowley victor's father on the
other hand knight falls in the swamp as
the forces move through the woods led by
haws
the group starts the small talk but that
doesn't last long as they arrive at a
gory mess of human flesh and internals
scattered all around the place
schneiderman gets hysterical immediately
but the officers order him to stay put
back at winslow's car he complains again
that he's not going but amanda insists
that they have to go to abbott mccullen
who's a nephew of thomas crowley and he
has the ashes
mary beth has to be the one to return
them to victor as he's looking for them
ever since
that's the only way to end all of it
meanwhile the graveness escalates at the
swamp as schneiderman locates a pair of
balls hanging from the tree and freaks
out
just then andrew jumps in front of them
and briefs them about the brutality
that's going on
the need to call in the national guard
becomes necessary but haas cancels the
request and urges to move forward and be
strong
nobody believes andrew's story about
victor but schneiderman starts to run
away
haaz runs after him and pins him to the
tree stating that he's not allowed to
flee the murder scene
just then andrew points at a spot where
everyone suddenly senses movement and
screeching noises
the bushes start to move and all the
personnel get ready with their guns
andrew hides behind michaela and as
another screech erupts from the bushes
all the officers start shooting the
bullets rain down on the area and as
their magazines are empty haze urges his
associates to move forward in order to
take a look
no one complies so haz precedes himself
an utter calmness appears on his face as
he finds a rodent in the bushes
he lifts up the carcass and shows it to
everybody which spreads a moment of
relaxation among them
unfortunately it doesn't last long as
they hear another strange noise and
everyone gets alert the forces move on
until they come to an open space beside
a wooden shed
as two police officers stand in front of
the door an iron spike emerges from the
darkness and impales one of them
the other policewoman also gets dragged
away with a rope the men start firing
and fowler holds onto her leg but their
efforts go in vain as she gets pulled in
anyway
upon that bereaving incident has orders
to fire at once and all hell is broken
loose
the soldiers and officers empty their
magazines on the shed but victor still
comes out alive and starts attacking the
officers
he grabs hold of a paramedic member and
rips his body into two
he then uses his axe to cut off the
heads and chop off the legs of other
officers as well
the firing starts again but victor
stands as sturdy as a tank having run
out of ammo haz charges towards victor
bare-handed but the beast overcomes him
and rips out his whole spine along with
his skull in one lethal tug
the monster growls in anguish and
proceeds to attack another guy in the
meantime schneiderman comes forward and
starts assembling the rpg
sheriff fowler stops him but he doesn't
listen and as victor takes the man to
the shed schneiderman hoists up the rpg
and launches the missile towards victor
but the cunning freak dodges it and the
paramedic becomes the victim instead
the shed blows up and schneiderman
cheers in victory but just then victor
emerges from the blistering cabin and
impales a wooden log in schneiderman's
back
the poor guy drops while michaela tries
to save him victor charges forward hits
her and attacks schneiderman fowler
orders everyone to run back to the boat
while victor rages brutality on
schneiderman by ripping off his arms and
then crushing his skull in the mud the
scene now shifts back to ozona where
winslow and amanda meet abbott and
request him to take a look inside as the
racist guy takes them inside amanda
manages to get hold of thomas crowley's
urn and threatens her way out with a gun
the guy named abbott scolds them but
amanda and winslow manage to escape the
house by having the old man at gunpoint
meanwhile back at the swamp the three of
them run towards the boat and come
across another paramedic guy who
scampers away but falls prey to an
alligator while victor watches him being
brutalized
in the interim the sheriff group leads
to the boat but it turns out that andrew
doesn't have the keys to start the
engine
as they formulate a plan to run away to
another boat victor blocks their path
with no other choice left they find the
safe haven in the boat but the torment
doesn't stop there as the whole cabin
starts shuddering violently
the three of them whimper in fright
while fowler manages to dispatch the
national guard and ask for military
assistance the operator confirms the
request and the three of them then wait
suddenly the metal wall starts buckling
and andrew remarks that victor might be
using the gas belt sander left on the
boat
fright crawls up their spines as sparks
fly due to the resistance and a hole is
slashed in the metal sheet
in the meantime amanda and winslow also
reach the swamp area where they argue
over the fact whether they should
proceed or not
winslow tries to contact fowler but it
gets known that someone made a distress
call to the national guard and asked for
assistance
that strengthens amanda's belief that
victor is there at the swamp meanwhile
the situation at honey island escalates
as andrew tries to grab a hammer from
the front of the hole but victor grabs
him by the collar and tries to pull him
out michaela comes to rescue and she
repeatedly bashes victor's hand with the
hammer until andrew is free
with that all of them move to the
corners to heave a sigh of temporary
relief
on the other hand amanda and others walk
upon the massacre and she gives the urn
to marybeth stating that she has to be
the one to hand it over to victor with
that she starts calling him out her
voice echoes through the woods and
victor hears it along with others fowler
recognizes her voice and proceeds to go
look for her but victor attacks him and
rips off his head to shreds and his dead
body drops back in the cabin
michaela and andrew scoop away in horror
as blood showers from fowler's severed
neck after a while michaela gets the
crazy idea to grab the gun placed in
front of the hole
andrew pleads with her to stop and not
advance anymore but she doesn't listen
and eventually tastes the aftermath
victor grabs her from the hole and she
falls prey to his barbarity as well
in the meantime amanda calls out for
victor while mary beth and winslow feel
the eeriness
suddenly victor emerges from the shadows
and amanda starts stating that they have
his daddy
she runs behind mary beth and forces her
to go forward and give him the ashes
frightened to death mary beth slowly
approaches victor apologizes to him in
every way possible and places the urn in
front of him
meanwhile amanda orders winslow to hold
the fire until victor grabs the urn mary
beth places the jar and starts to edge
away while victor takes one look at the
urn in a sad way but immediately gets
agitated again and takes a step towards
mary beth
just then winslow empties his magazine
on the monster and victor drops to the
ground
unfortunately just as winslow turns
around the titan grabs him from behind
and rips his chest apart
amanda lunges forward and throws the urn
towards mary beth but becomes the victim
to victor's brutality as well as mary
beth stares in horror the beast tears
amanda's head off her body and throws it
towards her
mary beth gets knocked down and victor
picks her up in a ravaging push he
impales her on a branch and picks up a
machete to put an end to her life
but heroically mary beth breaks the urn
on victor's head and he gets covered in
his father's ashes as the monster
staggers back his face starts to melt
gruesomely as his slashed up body decays
rapidly mary beth manages to break the
branch and she falls on the ground she
watches victor being putrified in a
hideous manner and in an effort to
finally finish him she picks up a gun
under the agonizing pain
the final moments of the film arrive
where mary beth ultimately manages to
burst the decaying skeletal carcass of
victor crowley and then goes unconscious
due to the pain
just then the military forces also
arrive at the swamp and upon hearing the
sounds of choppers andrew emerges from
the boat and shouts for help on the
other hand as the choppers lower down
mary beth suddenly wakes with a jolt and
the movie comes to an end
thanks for watching guys